[Anatomy] Add configlet documentation (#6)
exercism/docs: anatomy/configlet.md

_work in progress_

# Configlet

> [configlet](https://github.com/exercism/configlet) is a tool to help track maintainers with the maintenance of their track. The current version of configlet works with v2 tracks, but a version that works with v3 tracks is [under development](https://github.com/exercism/canonical-data-syncer). This document will only describe the v3 version of configlet.

Reviewer: This whole repo only describes v3.

```suggestion
[configlet](https://github.com/exercism/configlet) is a tool to help track maintainers with the maintenance of their track.```

## Linting

> The primary function of configlet is to do _linting_: checking if a track is properly configured. If this is not the case, the track won't work properly (or at all). The full list of rules that are checked by the linter can be found [here](https://github.com/exercism/canonical-data-syncer/blob/master/linting.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The primary function of configlet is to do _linting_: checking if a track's configuration files are properly structured - both syntactically and semantically. Misconfigured tracks may not sync correctly, may look wrong on the website, or may present a suboptimal user experience, so configlet's guards play an important part in maintaining the integrity of Exercism. The full list of rules that are checked by the linter can be found [here](https://github.com/exercism/canonical-data-syncer/blob/master/linting.md).
```
